Hello, I want to show the video how
make a portal and lazurite has promises
scarlet how to do it now you will have
The price for taking this thing here is how is it?
crafted from nine o'clock and still us
thank you for the blocks
like black mesa elite pilots I again
forgot where you yourself pause
so I took that do not need a workbench
stage replacement for something never learned
ram rice box
before others i itch at apples for this
will need only 10 blocks for
strikes brought easier
do so here
This will be 10 blocks a friend I read
if I give here 14 4 block it is a block
make from the killed fragments I just did
I think they know how to do everything like this
clock
gray-blue sulfur selenium are made from
Nine o'clock for a minute
where are arrested and you see we take go
same watch
right right click a
worn out from me lay from the laity to them
any place we poke this thing
Shu bison from the video I bust with height
and
is that yes everything is correct in the light of the headlights
he is just two three 4 5 blocks and jump
with an epic moment you appear on
such a thing
told to buy
here is my cute myth such sneakers
hirobrin high
Cheburashka there are those whom I do not like
which is very oak and I think on this we
finish my videos with you was ilia or
creeper star everyone thanks for watching
subscribe to the channel put likes
bye everyone